Disable TOC from pages without title, or headings, or with only one. (#1042)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/fundamentals/1_understanding_gui/step_06/step_06.md

We'll introduce three new helpful controls to enhance the page's visual appeal. These controls are:

> - [part](../../../../manuals/userman/gui/viselements/standard-and-blocks/part.md): creates a group of text/visual elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [part](../../../../manuals/userman/gui/viselements/generic/part.md): creates a group of text/visual elements.
```

    === "Markdown"

        ```
        <|part|render={bool_variable}|
        Text
        Or visual elements...
        |>
        ```

    === "Python"

        ```python
        ...
        with tgb.part(render="{bool_variable}"):
            tgb.text(...)
            # Or visual elements...
        ```

- [layout](../../../../manuals/userman/gui/viselements/standard-and-blocks/layout.md): creates invisible columns where you
    can put your texts and visual elements. The *columns* property indicates the width and number
    of columns. Here, we create three columns of the same width.

    === "Markdown"

        ```
        <|layout|columns=1 1 1|
        Button in first column <|Press|button|>

        Second column

        Third column
        |>
        ```

    === "Python"

        ```python
        with tgb.layout("1 1 1"):
            with tgb.part(render="{bool_variable}"):
                tgb.text("Button in first column")
                tgb.buttton("Press")

            tgb.text("Second column")

            tgb.text("Third column")
        ```

        ![Layout](images/layout.png){ width=70% : .tp-image-border }

> - [expandable](../../../../manuals/userman/gui/viselements/standard-and-blocks/expandable.md): creates a block that can expand or shrink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [expandable](../../../../manuals/userman/gui/viselements/generic/expandable.md): creates 
    a block that can expand or shrink.
```
